The Godfather
Mafia
Francis Ford Coppola
1972
Epic tale of a 1940s New York Mafia family and their struggle to protect their empire from rival families as the leadership switches from the father (Marlon Brando) to his youngest son (Al Pacino).
9.0

12 Angry Men
Drama
Sidney Lumet
1957
Eleven jurors are convinced that the defendant is guilty of murder. The twelfth has no doubt of his innocence. How can this one man steer the others toward the same conclusion?
8.7

Schindler's List
Drama
Steven Spielberg
1993
Oskar Schindler is a German businessman in Poland who sees an opportunity to make money from the Nazis' rise to power. He starts a company to make cookware and utensils, using flattery and bribes to win military contracts.
8.6

La vita e bella
Comedy
Roberto Benigni
1997
Guido - a charming but bumbling waiter who's gifted with a colourful imagination and an irresistible sense of humour - has won the heart of the woman he loves and has created a beautiful life for his young family.
8.5

Casablanca
Romance
Michael Curtiz
1942
Humphrey Bogart plays Richard "Rick" Blaine, a cynical but good-hearted American whose café is the gathering place for everyone from the French Police to the black market to the Nazis.
8.4

Los olvidados
Drama
Luis Buñuel
1950
El Jaibo is a teenager who escapes from a reformatory institution and joins his friends in the neighborhood. After a couple of days, el Jaibo kills, with the presence of his friend Pedro, the boy who apparently was responsible for his stay.
8.3

El verdugo
Comedy
Luis Garcia Berlanga
1963
An undertaker's assistant marries an executioner's daughter, and the new groom takes on his father-in-law's job but grows real squeamish when the time comes to execute someone.
8.3

Metropolis
Sci-Fi
Fritz Lang
1927
In Metropolis, society is divided in two classes: the rich, who have all the power and all kinds of luxuries and the workers, doomed to work and confined to live in poor conditions.
8.2

The Silence of the Lambs
Thriller
Jonathan Demme
1991
Clarice Starling, a young and ambitious FBI agent, enlists the aid of criminally insane ex-psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter to help track down a vicious serial killer named "Buffalo Bill" who skins his victims and who has kidnapped a girl.
8.2

Forrest Gump
Comedy
Robert Zemeckis
1994
Despite Forrest's (Tom Hanks) low IQ, he is not your average guy. Learning early on from his mother (Sally Field) that "life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you're gonna get", Gump, without trying, stumbles upon some exciting events.
8.2